[Music]
Shanghai beauty like you've never seen
it before a story to buy half fugu Oh
after all the recent deg controversy I
wanted to see Shanghai for myself so I'm
here at the bun to me a childhood friend
who's gonna show me around the city oh
hey man it's so hot and humid here
I'm already drenched in sweat chai is so
cool
this historical buildings and modern
shops all mixed together it just looks
classy we got hungry so we stopped for a
classic Chinese breakfast dojo
yo tell
[Music]
hello walking through the city is quite
an experience there's something to see
everywhere you look it's just too bad
I'm only here for a day anyway she
wanted to show me the Starbucks reserve
this place is huge
opponents of biggest Starbucks in China
[Music]
they roast and packaged their own beans
in the store the coolest part is that
the used vacuums to suck it all over the
place the people there Raschi really
nice and had beautiful smiles so the
second floor is for tea and food
[Music]
and she really wanted to eat everything
we ended up getting a drink called the
whiskey sour
[Music]
it tasted like the real alcoholic drink
but made with coffee honestly was the
best drink I've ever had in my life
it was so good and that was a sweetest
cherry I've ever eaten
[Music]
can you believe that
we were so
ratting to the campus reminded me of our
childhood days when we used to ride a
bike to school and I have a single worry
in mind ever so simple
[Music]
to never break it can I miss those days
Shanghai is truly beautiful Shanghai
tren de jambe
[Music]
Tiffany
how do you seem Japanese oh my god
Tiffany Tiffany
[Music]
no sooner
Wow
shall hide Beauty share the beauty
[Music]